box: expose box_status C API (#11559)
tarantool/tarantool: changelogs/unreleased/gh-11490-expose-box-status.md

## feature/box

> * `box_status` function is now available in C API and accessible in TX thread
>   without `box.info.status` lua calls.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* A new `box_status` function is now available in the C API. It is accessible in the TX thread
  without `box.info.status` Lua calls.
```

Author: Fixed.
